hey what's up guys happy here so today
we're in a new studio look at this and
how it looks so good under this light
but today we're gonna have my friends
try the weird and the most exotic Asian
snacks man preparing your tastebuds
because it's about to be surprised whose
kitchen hard-boiled quail eggs hey it's
my name happy brother thank you today's
our day yes brother
there's nothing we're about the night
final moments I'm from that no no this
is quite like no no I'm not gonna try it
like for real I'm not gonna lie not too
thrilled about this one if I open it I'm
not promising I'm gonna swallow it
I look like big black bubbles you
putting bubble tea looks like both
honestly it looks like some like sci-fi
alien type children I'm not sure
hard-boiled quail egg kind of smells
like a date huh
interesting chest your life that was uh
hmm she's pretty good just about as good
as it sounds
it's kind of like a hard-boiled egg in
my egg Usher's candy almost the insides
like almost like a barbecue type flavor
Peking ducks later the outsides like
really like hard jelly it's just kind of
makes my stomach turn like it's really
not no no like a little bit surprising
them they just kind of like put this out
there it tastes pretty good
we lone flattop it's from my hometown's
home team called loud shell but I don't
really know I'm looking at nacho nacho
yeah does that mean ass way like she's
people where'd you become look at me
I know yeah it's like a partially cooked
noodle a very weird texture in your
mouth this is actually from my hometown
xiang xin is this the one he squeezed
against in here yeah your hometown yeah
oh that is weird oh look yeah it looks
basically like little noodles all stuck
together it's kind of sweet and sour it
tastes really good not spicy though okay
like I've won my food no initial taste
is like no cuz it tastes like rubbery I
mean I can see where these were popular
predation it just works
I clearly like that vegan and test diet
authentic Chinese flavors uh prepare
yourself for this one
vegan intestines what the name like that
I'm kind of I'm kind of scared not gonna
lie Wow are they actually intestines
so they can't be intestine sorry it
looks like octopus like gummy words
don't know maybe some alien stuff again
no hunter the cabbage there's chairs
ready chicken
honestly I don't get anything from this
tastes like like an egg noodle tasted to
me like a bit of a slimy chicken really
soft damn spicy though that's actually
really good
yeah man tastes surprisingly good it was
good and I probably have it again nice
sauce it's trying to copy the flavor of
the hotpot that makes a lot more sense
oh we would yeah like the spicy stock
yeah kind of like this I love it
you like love it yeah I
definitely like intrigued by all of
these like I would never find this from
like back home yeah thanks ha foo for
letting me try all these oh man that was
a lot of crazy food but we got one more
thing if you want to check out some
Street interviews go head over to their
YouTube channel Ruben equation about
cake want to attend the goon job ha
okay chef is that Yin peace see you next
time
you know I would have done a couple of
squats if I knew I'd be on camera yeah
you know like a couple of like reggaeton